Update LiquidGlass Theme (#62)
ramensoftware/windows-11-file-explorer-styling-guide: Themes/LiquidGlass/README.md

**Author**: [PhantomNimbi](https://github.com/PhantomNimbi)

---

### Requirements

* [Windows 11 File Explorer Styler](https://windhawk.net/mods/windows-11-file-explorer-styler)
* [Translucent Windows](https://windhawk.net/mods/translucent-windows)

---

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)

---

## Translucent Windows

> > [!NOTE] Make sure to change the "AccentBlurBehind color blend" setting to "cccccccc" if you are using this with Light themes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] Make sure to change the "AccentBlurBehind color blend" setting to "cccccccc" if you are using this with Light themes.
```

> The theme styles can also be imported manually. To do that, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import the mod settings, follow these steps:
```

  "BorderColor.ColorBorder": 0,
  "BorderColor.RainbowBorder": 0,
  "BorderColor.borderstyles_active": "",
  "BorderColor.borderstyles_inactive": ""
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```json
{
  "theme": "",
  "backgroundTranslucentEffect": "",

>   "backgroundTranslucentEffectRegion": "",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```json
{

>   "backgroundTranslucentEffect": "",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  "controlStyles[3].styles[1]": "Background:=$ElementBackground",
  "controlStyles[3].styles[2]": "BorderBrush:=$ElementBorder",
  "controlStyles[4].target": "Microsoft.UI.Xaml.Controls.Grid#NavigationBarControlGrid",
  "controlStyles[4].styles[0]": "Background:=Transparent",
  "controlStyles[4].styles[1]": "BorderBrush:=Transparent",
  "controlStyles[5].target": "Microsoft.UI.Xaml.Controls.Grid#HomeViewRootGrid",
  "controlStyles[5].styles[0]": "BorderBrush:=$ElementBorderBrush",
  "controlStyles[5].styles[1]": "CornerRadius=$ElementCornerRadius",
  "controlStyles[5].styles[2]": "BorderThickness=$ElementBorderThickness",
  "controlStyles[6].target": "FileExplorerExtensions.GalleryViewControl#GalleryViewControl > Grid  ",
  "controlStyles[6].styles[0]": "BorderBrush:=$ElementBorderBrush",
  "controlStyles[6].styles[1]": "CornerRadius=$ElementCornerRadius",
  "controlStyles[6].styles[2]": "BorderThickness=$ElementBorderThickness",
  "controlStyles[7].target": "FileExplorerExtensions.GalleryViewControl#GalleryViewControl > Grid > Grid#GalleryRootGrid",
  "controlStyles[7].styles[0]": "Background:=Transparent",
  "controlStyles[8].target": "ToolTip",

>   "controlStyles[8].styles[0]": "Background:=$ElementBackground",

Reviewer: This causes the tooltips to be transparent. I don't think a translucent background is supported for tooltips.

Author: hmm ... I'll have to remove the background from them for now. I didn't notice it doing that on my end.

Author: There, took the background option out for the ToolTip for now.

  "styleConstants[3]": "ElementBackground2=<WindhawkBlur BlurAmount=\"20\" TintColor=\"{ThemeResource SystemAltLowColor}\" TintOpacity=\"0.2\" />",
  "styleConstants[4]": "AccentBackground=<WindhawkBlur BlurAmount=\"15\" TintColor=\"{ThemeResource SystemAccentColorLight1}\" TintOpacity=\"0.2\" />",
  "styleConstants[5]": "BorderBrush=<LinearGradientBrush StartPoint=\"0,0\" EndPoint=\"0,1\"><GradientStop Color=\"#50808080\" Offset=\"0.0\" /><GradientStop Color=\"#50404040\" Offset=\"0.25\" /><GradientStop Color=\"#50808080\" Offset=\"1\" /></LinearGradientBrush>",
  "styleConstants[6]": "ElementBorderBrush=<LinearGradientBrush StartPoint=\"0,0\" EndPoint=\"0,1\"><GradientStop Color=\"#50808080\" Offset=\"1\" /><GradientStop Color=\"#50606060\" Offset=\"0.15\" /></LinearGradientBrush>",
  "styleConstants[7]": "BorderThickness=0.3,1,0.3,0.3",
  "styleConstants[8]": "ElementBorderThickness=0.3,0.3,0.3,1",
  "styleConstants[9]": "CornerRadius=12",
  "styleConstants[10]": "ElementCornerRadius=8",
  "controlStyles[3].styles[3]": "CornerRadius=$ElementCornerRadius",
  "controlStyles[5].styles[3]": "Margin=4,0",
  "controlStyles[6].styles[3]": "Margin=4,0",

>   "backgroundTranslucentEffectRegion": "entireWindow"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "controlStyles[6].styles[3]": "Margin=4,0"
```

}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  "controlStyles[33].styles[0]": "Grid.RowSpan=2",
  "controlStyles[33].styles[1]": "Margin=0,0,0,1",
  "controlStyles[34].target": "Grid#DetailsViewControlRootGrid",
  "controlStyles[34].styles[0]": "Background:=Transparent",
  "controlStyles[35].target": "StackPanel#DetailsViewThumbnail",
  "controlStyles[35].styles[0]": "Background:=Transparent",
  "themeResourceVariables[0]": "",
  "explorerFrameContainerHeight": 87,

>   "xamlDiagnosticsHandling": ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "explorerFrameContainerHeight": 87
```
